Now connecting a real device to Kali.
Is going to be fun.
So on this lecture, I'll show you how to connect a real Android device to Kawi with EDB.
So first, you should enable developer mode and USB debugging on the device in order to use the HDB
debugging interface.
So first, we'll go to about phone, which is under settings.
Tab unbuild version of the device seven times, then you'll see you are a developer, which is the note
on the screen now for the next step, go back to settings and open additional settings.
Then find developer options.
And enable USB debugging.
So first, install the USB and USB debugging security testing options.
So now we're ready to connect the device to Kalli.
So after plugging your Android phone into your computer, you will see this message on your phone.
You must allow this device to connect to Kawi.
All right, so let's start.
So go to Kalli.
Plug your Android phone into your computer and allow the USB debugging on your phone.
Go to the top menu, a virtual box.
Open UCB under the devices and select your phone to plug the device into Caleigh.
All right, so now let's open a terminal screen.
Run HDB devices.
And sure enough, that attaches the device.